README-template.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Sunnyside agency landing page solution

This is a solution to the [Sunnyside agency landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/sunnyside-agency-landing-page-7yVs3B6ef). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Bootstrap 5
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/) - For styles

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

center text (as used in this project):

```css
.text {
  position: absolute;
  top: 30%;
  left: 50%;
  transform: translate(-50%, -30%);
}
```

A more simpler way of centering text:

```css
.text {
  margin-right: auto;
  margin-left: auto;
  text-align: center;
}
```

### Continued development

Areas of improvement include:
improiving webpage responsiveness across all screen sizes

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

for a simpler way of centering text as shown above in learning section i give credit to youtuber luna music productions studio.

Commit message:

add accesibility label to cta and testimonial section

README-template.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Sunnyside agency landing page solution

This is a solution to the [Sunnyside agency landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/sunnyside-agency-landing-page-7yVs3B6ef). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)



## Overview

### The challenge
Hello, everyone. My name is jennifer and i am an Aspiring front-end web developer. To push myself further, i have decided to take on an even bigger challenge to develop a whole landing page, as opposed to website components such as modals etc.

The aim of this challenge is to develop a landing page and get it looking close to the design as much as possible!

Once the website is complete, users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Bootstrap 5
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow


### What I learned

center text (as used in this project):

```css
.text {
  position: absolute;
  top: 30%;
  left: 50%;
  transform: translate(-50%, -30%);
}
```

A more simpler way of centering text:

```css
.text {
  margin-right: auto;
  margin-left: auto;
  text-align: center;
}
```
centering an img such as the arrow seen on the hero page: 
```css
.arrow {
  position: absolute;
  padding-top: 5.75em;
  top: 50%;
  left: 50%;
  transform: translate(-50%, -20%);
  height: 35%;
}
```
i had to experiment with `transform: translate(-50%, -20%);` to ensure the arrow is in the position as shown in the design file. Although the arrow is meant to be centered using the absolute values of `top: 50%;` and `left: 50%;`, it was not in the center so i had to use the transform property to position it correctly.


### Continued development

Areas of improvement include:
improiving webpage responsiveness across all screen sizes

### Useful resources

- [Conquering responsive layouts by Kevin Powell](https://courses.kevinpowell.co) - This course helped me gain an breadth of understanding in building responsive layouts using CSS grid and flexbox.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.


## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)



## Acknowledgments

I would like to thank the CSS evalgelist, Kevin Powell, for explaining CSS grid and flexbox in greater depth via his conqueing responsive layouts course and countless helpful Youtube videos.
